Warning! Reactor core is at critical temperature.
Reactor Explosion Uncertainty Emergency Preemption Protocol initiated: This facility will self destruct in two minutes.
All reactor core safeguards are now non-functional. Please prepare for reactor core meltdown.
Reactor Explosion Timer destroyed.
Explosion imminent. Evacuate the facility immediately.
Please prepare for emergency evacuation.
Danger! Reactor meltdown, evacuate at once.
Today is pizza day, so head on down to the cafeteria to grab yourself a hot slice!
Reactor explosion in four minutes.
Warning! Core overheating, nuclear meltdown imminent.
Announcer Fact Of The Day: Pizza Day in [insert day number here] days.
If you hear a buzzer, stare at the art.
Remember, security is the first step towrads a safe work enviroinment, stay secure, stay vigilant.
A reminder, to all personnel: motivational seminars are held at the faculty auditorium from hours 17 to 18 on Thursdays. Come on down and get motivated!
Remember to report all suspicious activity to your supervisors. Not even you are exempt from scrunity, stay paranoid, stay vigilant.
Feeling out of shape? Drop by the faculty gymnasium and feel free to participate in a game of community badminton on sundays.
Feel tired and overworked? Freshly brewed coffee is served at the cafeteria, at all hours.
Injecting fuel solution into lasers.
The option to override automatic detonation sequence will expire in T-3 minutes.
Unrecognised Life Form Detected In: Venwhtilation System. Please Exercise Caution.
Today is- wait i forgor 💀
If you feel like you have been affected by high doses of radiation, please visit your radiation officer immediatly.
Reactor intergity is below 70%. All unauthorised personnel are now to evacuate.
This message is to remind you to not read the message, reading the message will not let you read the message because you are reading this message and you just can't read this message because you just can't, if you are doing it anyway, you are grounded for an immediate termination.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/844835909747736606/942815077847937054/caption.png
** **
***"nya"***